Fix: fix C interface for DeePMD-kit (#1894)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/advanced/install.md

cmake -B build -DDeePMD_DIR=~/deepmd-kit -DTensorFlow_DIR=~/tensorflow
```

> > `deepmd_c`/`deepmd_cc` and `tensorflow_cc` libraries would be called according to `DeePMD_DIR` and `TensorFlow_DIR`, which is showed in detail in [this page](https://github.com/deepmodeling/deepmd-kit/blob/master/doc/inference/cxx.md).

Reviewer: Using an official docs page would be better?
```suggestion
> `deepmd_c`/`deepmd_cc` and `tensorflow_cc` libraries would be called according to `DeePMD_DIR` and `TensorFlow_DIR`, which is showed in detail in [this page](https://docs.deepmodeling.com/projects/deepmd/en/master/inference/cxx.html).
```

Reviewer 2: It's better to provide a link to the GitHub Release page to download the prebuilt libraries directly.

Author: Both ways are OK for me.

directly.

> > `deepmd_c`/`deepmd_cc` and `tensorflow_cc` libraries would be called according to `DeePMD_DIR` and `TensorFlow_DIR`, which is showed in detail in [this page](https://github.com/deepmodeling/deepmd-kit/blob/master/doc/inference/cxx.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `deepmd_c`/`deepmd_cc` and `tensorflow_cc` libraries would be called according to `DeePMD_DIR` and `TensorFlow_DIR`, which is showed in detail in [this page](https://docs.deepmodeling.com/projects/deepmd/en/master/inference/cxx.html).
```
